chore: add help to member detail (#2127)
bytebase/bytebase: frontend/public/help/en/help.member.md

---
title: What is 'Member' ?
---

A user in the Bytebase workspace is defined as a member.

> You can add new member, update their role and deactivate a member at the workspace level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add new members, update their roles and deactivate a member at the workspace level.
```
